Add relnotes for ASC and Admin UI SDK (#39)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/amazon-sales-channel/release-notes.md

---
title: Release notes
description: This page lists new features and known issues for each release of Amazon Sales Channel on App Builder 1.0.0
---

# Release notes

## Version 1.0.0

### Release date

June 13, 2023

### Compatibility

Adobe Commerce for Cloud and on-premises

*  2.4.5 and higher

### Known limitations

Amazon Sales Channel on App Builder is a reference app that demonstrates how Adobe Developer App Builder can create integrations and extensions without modifying the core Commerce application. This app is not intended or supported for production use.

> The sample app functionality represents only a subset of the original PHP extension's capabilities. For example, it does not feature order management, listing and pricing rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample app functionality represents only a subset of the original PHP extension's capabilities. For example, it does not include order management or listing and pricing rules.
```
